== EXTRACT PAGE 1 ==

100 Dummy Street, City A, State 12345 – Tel:555-000-0001 – Fax:555-000-0002
August 5th, 2025
Farmers Insurance
Sent Via Certified U.S. Mail, Facsimile
ATTN: 7008540479-1
200 Sample Lane, City B, State 67890
New York, OK 10001
Tel:555-000-0003
Fax:555-000-0004
***CCP § 999.1 TIME LIMITED POLICY LIMITS DEMAND ***
Re:
Client
: Alice Johnson
Date of Loss : 01/09/2025
Your Insured : Robert Williams
Claim #
: 7008540479-1
Adjuster
: Emma Davis
THIS LETTER IS FOR THE PURPOSE OF SETTLEMENT ONLY;
IT IS NOT TO BE USED AS EVIDENCE OF ANY KIND.
(CALIFORNIA EVIDENCE CODE SECTIONS 1152-54, ET SEQ.)
THE CONTENTS OF THIS DEMAND SHALL NOT BE REPRODUCED
OR REDISTRIBUTED FOR ANY PURPOSE.
To Whom It May Concern:
This office represents Mr. Alice Johnson (“Mr. Alice Johnson”) in the above-referenced incident involving
your insured. We hereby extend this formal offer of settlement as set forth herein.
THE INCIDENT
On January 9, 2025, our client was a passenger in a vehicle involved in a multi-vehicle collision
that occurred on State Route 22 westbound, just west of Haster Street in Orange County. Your
insured was traveling in lane four when your insured failed to slow for stopped traffic ahead.
As a result, the insured’s vehicle rear-ended another vehicle that had slowed due to traffic.
The impact pushed that vehicle into our client’s vehicle, which was then pushed into a fourth
vehicle that was stopped for approximately 20 seconds. All vehicles were traveling in the same
direction and lane, and the collisions occurred in a chain reaction due to your insured driving
at an unsafe speed for the traffic conditions, in violation of California Vehicle Code §22350.
See Traffic Collision Report, attached as Exhibit 1.

== EXTRACT PAGE 2 ==

SUMMARY OF MEDICAL CARE & INJURIES
On January 1, 2025, American Medical Response responded to the scene and found Mr. Alice Johnson
seated in a chair. He reported that he was involved in a motor vehicle accident the previous
day, during which his car was struck from behind while he was driving on the freeway. Despite
the collision, he went to an amusement park afterward. He stated that he returned home later
that night and began experienced back pain. On this day morning, Mr. Alice Johnson called 911 due
to severe back pain and numbness in his legs. Emergency responders placed him on a cardiac
monitor, administered pain medication, and transported him to County General Hospital
Emergency Department for further evaluation and treatment.
On January 10, 2025, Mr. Alice Johnson arrived via EMS at County General Hospital Emergency
Department and was evaluated by James Miller, MD following a motor vehicle accident. He
was involved in a collision the previous day, during which his vehicle was rear-ended while he
was driving on the freeway. He complained of moderate, constant lower back pain and was
unable to move due to the intensity of the pain. Examination was limited due to Mr. Alice Johnson's
discomfort. Dr. James Miller noted a decreased range of motion in the lumbar region. Mr. Alice Johnson
was treated in the ED with Toradol and Dexamethasone. CT scans of the thoracic and lumbar
spine were performed which revealed:
CT of Thoracic Spine:
CT of Lumbar Spine:
Mr. Alice Johnson’s diagnoses included the following:

== EXTRACT PAGE 3 ==

Mr. Alice Johnson was discharged home in stable condition with prescriptions for Lidoderm patches,
Prednisone, and Motrin. He was advised to use supportive care measures, including the
application of ice or heat, and to avoid activities that aggravated his pain. A follow-up with his
primary care provider was recommended within three to five days.
On February 6, 2025, Mr. Alice Johnson was evaluated by Olivia Wilson, MD, at St. Mary's Hospital. He reported being involved in a motor vehicle accident on January 9, 2025,
during which his vehicle was rear-ended. He had initially received treatment at County General Hospital. At this visit, he presented for a routine well-man examination and reported
mid-back pain associated with the recent accident. The mid-back pain was described as dull,
constant, uncomfortable, and squeezing in nature, localized to the midline of the lower back
and was ongoing since the date of injury. In addition to his musculoskeletal complaints, Mr.
Alice Johnson also presented for an STD screening. Mr. Alice Johnson’s lifestyle and health history were
reviewed during the examination. His history was notable for depression, mood swings, and
prior suicidal ideation. Mr. Alice Johnson reported that he had not returned to work since the date of
the accident due to ongoing and recurrent back pain. He was instructed to complete a short-
term disability form online and to contact the office with the necessary information for
processing. Labs were ordered and performed. Dr. Olivia Wilson noted tenderness to palpation and
decreased range of motion in thoracic and lumbar region. Mr. Alice Johnson’s diagnoses included the
following:
Dr. Olivia Wilson prescribed Cyclobenzaprine and Ibuprofen for pain management. An MRI of the
thoracic and lumbar spine was ordered to further evaluate his ongoing symptoms. Mr. Alice Johnson
was advised to continue his prescribed exercises, including posture-focused routines, and was
recommended to follow up with Dr. Olivia Wilson in four weeks.
On February 21, 2025, Mr. Alice Johnson underwent MRI of thoracic and lumbar spine without contrast
performed by Benjamin Moore, MD at City Medical Center, which revealed:

== EXTRACT PAGE 4 ==

MRI of Thoracic Spine w/o Contrast:
MRI of Lumbar Spine w/o Contrast:
On April 1, 2025, Mr. Alice Johnson was seen for follow up by Dr. Olivia Wilson.  He continued to report
persistent mid-back pain following a motor vehicle accident. He stated that he was previously
prescribed Ibuprofen and a muscle relaxant during a visit on February 6, 2025, but requested
a refill, as his mother had taken the previous prescription. Mr. Alice Johnson described the pain as
acute, sharp, pinching, and worsening, localized to the thoracic spine. He noted ongoing
difficulty working in construction due to the pain and had previously been placed on temporary
disability. Upon examination Dr. Olivia Wilson noted tenderness in the thoracic and lumbar spine
regions. Mr. Alice Johnson’s diagnoses included the following:
Dr. Olivia Wilson prescribed Cyclobenzaprine, Ibuprofen, and resume Imiquimod cream. During the
visit, Mr. Alice Johnson experienced a vasovagal reaction to a Toradol injection, becoming pale,
diaphoretic, and dizzy with upper extremity tingling. Staff responded promptly, rechecked his
vitals, and provided supportive care until he recovered. Referred to physical therapy and
advised to continue both medication and non-drug therapies such as ice, heat, stretching, and
topical treatments. A follow-up was recommended in one month, and he was instructed to
return to the clinic or go to the ER if symptoms worsened.
See Medical Records, attached as Exhibit 2.