== EXTRACT PAGE 8 ==

penalty of perjury affirming:
a. They have no additional assets available to satisfy any judgment that may be
rendered against them;
b. They are identifying all insurance policies that afford or may afford coverage for
this incident, including liability, umbrella, excess, general liability, or any other
insurance, including those that cover other persons or entities;
c. They were not within the course and scope of employment, agency, or joint
venture for any other person or entity other than your settling insured(s) or
logged into any ride share or transportation network company at the time of the
incident;
d. Their acknowledgement that our client is relying upon your insured’s sworn
declaration in considering whether or not to settle all claims and may rescind
any resulting settlement agreement if any representation made within the
declaration is false or untrue.
This declaration must be submitted to our client as a condition precedent to the formation of
a binding settlement agreement.
If the above conditions are not met, no settlement agreement will be formed, and this offer
shall be deemed withdrawn.
This offer to settle is made pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure section 999.1.  In
exchange for all available policy limits, our client will release your insured from all liability,
present and future, arising out of the referenced incident.  Our client’s offer includes the
satisfaction of all liens.  The offer will remain open for a period of thirty (30) days from the
date of this letter.
We are providing you with sufficient documentation to reasonably evaluate this claim.  As you
know, the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing imposes on insurance carriers a
duty to settle within their insured’s policy limits if it would be unreasonable not to do so.
(Johansen v. California State Auto. Assn. Inter-Ins. Bureau (1975) 15 Cal.3d 9, 16.)  “The only
permissible consideration in evaluating the reasonableness of the settlement offer becomes
whether, in light of the victim's injuries and the probable liability of the insured, the ultimate
judgment is likely to exceed the amount of the settlement offer.  Such factors as the limits
imposed by the policy, a desire to reduce the amount of future settlements, or a belief that
the policy does not provide coverage, should not affect a decision as to whether the settlement
offer in question is a reasonable one.”  (Ibid.)
If a carrier unreasonably refuses to settle, it is liable for the entire amount of any subsequent
judgment against its insured, even if the judgment is in excess of the policy limits.  Id.  An
insured is protected from excess liability as a result of its insurer’s gamble on the outcome of
a case – a gamble that only the insured stands to lose.  “An insurer cannot unreasonably
refuse to settle within policy limits and thus gamble with its insured’s money to further its own
interests.”  (Western Polymer Technology, Inc. v. Reliance Ins. Co. (1995) 32 Cal.App.4th 14,
26.)
You are reminded of your obligation to notify your insured of this policy limits demand.